cool he chose to play first with his
terrible three color mana base this game
is probably greedy this is me we're
talking about look at these sweet four
in six drops so after that divine
offering rip I do solemnly swear I'm not
going to complain the rest of this draft
I just hope the rest of this draft is
not one game they have another land it's
probably just just just gonna agro me
out after keeping this hand so you look
at all this aggro good thing he chose to
play first damn this is why you keep
every hand you will draw what you need
they just gonna shatter this or
something all right after you lose some
mimic that well okay he didn't loose
make that real okay not complaining just
an observation turn three both games
three colors of mana I don't even seen
any mirror from this guy obviously
blocking if he attacks there's a problem
that I don't have any removal and then
in my hand this game somewhat
unfortunate really like I think you're
just being overly aggressive here your
kilt wow really is this what you do
sideboard into this or something because
that's pretty terrible my friend pretty
terrible now that's sad i'm probably
gonna lose to it but it's still pretty
terrible you start got two more removal
spells in his hand oh look there's a
divine offering so i can just gained
three and kill a snap sale glider
randomly pause alot this draft my
computer keeps acting up which is
unfortunate I hope it doesn't explode or
something oh look I played a 33 and your
aggro plan suddenly died i'm not going
to attack here think i'm just going to
be on the juggernaut plan ah that is
probably play something sweet for 6 mana
i haven't seen any sweet rearing other
than so or he's gonna play useless
killed all the rebirth yeah this guy's
deck is terrible he just adds a sword
and a bunch of removal so i'm really
glad i ripped that divine offering last
game would have been sad so sad um what
is my play here am i comfortable and
beating down yet yeah I'm gonna beat
down with the dross ripper because if he
does a trick when I try to block Oh on
the other hand i'd rather lose a pierced
rather than a dress Ripper of his last
card is dispensed so we'll do that
alright I'm pretty okay with that I
think and now the juggernauts man that
could although rebirth is going to buy
so many extra turns against drug or not
yeah cool
i think i'm going to start bashing yeah
i'm probably not helping my computer
because it's the fan on the back of the
case keeps acting up is I don't know out
of sync or something and my solution to
it is to hit it which is probably not
good for the health of my computer but I
sacrifice for you the draft magic
viewers
yeah I'm just bashing I have divine
offering in hand for any shenanigans and
he can't profitably block my dress for
Bracken they could a 55
which I'm going to do actually I'm just
gonna make it a 44 just so i can hold up
divine offering for his sword I can I
far enough ahead in this game right now
that I can afford to play it a little
safe or you can play a signal pass while
this guy's deck is actually just awful
and i still have seen a black out of
them virulent wound he's probably to
work his way out to metal craft so you
can get me with dispense justice
and now you can afford to pump this guy
twice and still have I offering held up
like I don't see how this guy what I
want to be cited into this because I
didn't see any of these terrible cards
in the previous games well I thought I
could also rebirth I didn't see the
stupid signal pest in full shock heart
Stoker like the only time I'm okay to
thank hurt Stoker's when you have
bloodshot trainee preferably multiples
yes signal paths under my mimic that
that is exactly what I wanted and I
don't get why he's still Trump blocking
the juggernaut now the dross Ripper is
immediately lethal well I guess it would
be anyway if he even he just takes three
and another signal pass this guy's deck
is amazing oh man yo T signal past what
now brah I'm getting it man damn look at
that that is defense there's defense
against dispense justice like cerebral
eruption is even not good for him right
now even if he hits because i mimic that
let's try the car d hanis it has in his
hand too yes I'm going to take this new
signal pest wait a minute what
oh the other one goes back man you can
tell often I've had this card yeah I
mazal play gold beer especially when I'm
battle crying double battle cry gold
beer becomes 31 in this signal pests
each r1 one's hand
sotis a lot this guy's deck is miserable
if he doesn't draw sort of feast and
famine or if I have an answer to it hola
he drew it and it's basically completely
irrelevant because he's just flat-out
dead
you
oh no oh I want him to attack because I
would have just discarded the divine
offering you are very dead sir well not
very dead you're dead by one point
should a vine offering my mimic that for
the still had all these and didn't care